---
layout: post
title: Me and the world around me
---

Hello. To whoever is reading this. It's great that you can see this, or maybe not.

It's been years we've been stuck in this. No, this is not an apocalypse. People, like you, like me, have caused this. Everything you're doing, every click you're making and every step you're making is being recorded. It's maybe around 2050-60 here. I lost count. Our government counts for us. This is Rwanland. Our government came up with an excuse. They say this is to keep us secured. From everything. Thousands of computer is logging everything we do. Maybe they are out there watching me too as I type this. But I'd learnt enough tricks in my early life to protect my privacy. If this is reaching you, then it means I've been successful - even by a little bit- to outsmart them. They say if we are honest, what do we have to hide? Seriously. People said this stuff in the 2015's. I won't say much about myself. If they read this (which they probably will) and try to figure out who I am, they can probably get me. I invented a way to send data back in time. Only a handful people know this. Can you believe some people actually believe that they are being benefitted. Police is arresting whoever looks at the UF cameras. We call them Ultra Feeds. They can track you no matter where you go. Privacy is a dream now. Crypto doesn't work, ciphers lost their credibilty to AI. This isn't security, this isn't just a breach of privacy. It's like taking away our Freedom. I'm sure they don't have dozens of bug-cams in their rooms, the governors. I'm trying to maintain two identities. One is typing this, protesting this system. The other one is acting as he complies with the process. To make people less suspicious about him.

I'll get caught one day. I just know it. Because if this goes on, I'll become paranoid one day. Maybe I already am one. Maybe the world is normal, I'm the crazy one. But as long as I think I have my sanity, I'll probably keep writing this. I'll get the message to people. People back in the past. Maybe they will help. Maybe they *can* help. A **big** maybe. 

---
Prof. Albert Frankenstein,
Some January (it's snowing), around 2050-60